you have a real printer
only portable standalone
and pocket meet lg pocket photo
second generation seeing box first
You might think that this is a new smartphone but
there is no such compact package
printer hides micro device inside
usb cable adapter for charging and package
documentation
the device is assembled from our beloved
plastic cover has a diamond
textured coverage from other places
classic matte plastic sizes
are 76 millimeters wide
126 length and 20 millimeter thickness
the device looks cool but when
This is not catchy size allow you to wear
the printer is not bad even in your pocket
but the lid creaks a little
there is only one on the pocket photo
the button that is responsible for opening
cover on the right side
there is a slider on off
microusb connector and hole for rosette
on the cover there are three light
indicator printer does not use paint
and thunder typos thanks to the special
paper made by zinc technology
double
which changes color at temperature to
Sorry any other paper except
branded with sizes 5 on 7 and 6
centimeter not suitable besides
classic photo cards sale
available from peter paper cost on
level 15 dollars invested sheets
inside
with the lid open built into the model
500 milliamp battery
which is enough to print from 30
pages in a row complete charger
the device charges about 30
minutes elji pd 239 is designed
print only from portable
devices on operating systems
android and ios or windows phone connection
happens via bluetooth or nfc
for this purpose you can download
application called
lg pocket photo which will load the whole
your galleries and given the opportunity
easy editing and adding
choir he
and
yes photos immerse one very
slowly this is a major drawback
quality photo apps on non
understandable level
some photos are just awesome
others fighters
not bad printer copes with bright
multi-detailed pictures in particular
landscapes but the portraits are not very
the cost of the device itself is on
level 150 dollars and you still add
the cost of the paper and realize that
pleasure is not the cheapest
but the printer produces a nice
impression with the right approach can
print really beautiful pictures and
the consequences of making whom
and the dimensions allow you not to worry about
transportation but it's certainly more
a toy than a serious tool
thank you all for watching subscribe
there will be many interesting things on my channel
with you was maxim bye